Samantha saw a boy at school that she thought was cute. Samantha was shy about asking the boy out. She decided to ask the boy out anyway. The boy said yes because he liked Samantha. They are going on a date this Friday! Why did Samantha see a boy?
Rita wanted a job, but she was only 12. She knew no stores or restaurants could hire her yet. Then she decided to ask her neighbors if they needed any help. Soon she got job offers for cleaning, cooking, and dog walking. Rita ended up with not just one job, but three! Why did Rita want a job?
Josh and Marie just had twins. They brought them home from the hospital. Marie was taking a nap. Josh decided to help by changing diapers. Josh got the babies mixed up. Why did Josh decide to help by changing diapers?
Leonard was a big fan of the number one hit TV game show. He decided to try and become a contestant. He sent in an application and they contacted him months later. He tried out but only made it to level two before being disqualified. From then on, he didn't like watching the show anymore. Why did He decide to try and become a contestant?
Ann was at a campsite with her family. They were sitting around the fire telling tales. Then Ann decided to make s'mores. She put all the ingredients together and put them on the fire. They came out warm, gooey, and eaten by all the campers! Why did She put all the ingredients?
Tony wanted to make a delicious dinner for his friends. At first he had trouble deciding what to cook. His grocer recommended the grill a fresh fish for them. He grilled a delicious bass fish and served it with wine. Tony was very proud of the dinner he made for his friends. Why did Tony want to make a delicious dinner for his friends?
Sam got a new puppy for his birthday. He goes to the store to buy supplies. Sam walks his puppy everyday. Sam teaches his puppy tricks and how to catch a frisbee. Sam loves his new puppy. Why did Sam love his new puppy?
Sheryl had a secret. She was afraid of lighting matches! She had never done it without screaming and dropping the match. When her boyfriend found this out, he decided he must help her. He guided her through the steps until her silly fear was gone. Why had Sheryl a secret?
Roy inherited a grand piano. He moved it into his living room. Then he decided to teach himself to play it. He studied the music daily. Soon he was a very talented pianist! Why did He study the music?
Tom bought two female mice last week. He named them Salt and Pepper. He forgot to close their cage yesterday. Tom thought he had lost his new pets. He found them in the pantry later that night. Why did Tom buy two female mice?
Katelyn went to the mall one day. She browsed the stores and selected a new hat to wear. She purchased the hat and went home. In front of the mirror, Katelyn admired her new hat. Suddenly, her cat lunged at the hat, almost knocking Katelyn over. Why did She purchase the hat?
Gus attempted to tie his shoes. He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt. He looked at his work to understand what happened. Gus undid his laced and gave it another try. He pulled again and the laces got taunt. Why did Gus attempt to tie his shoes?
I went to get bagels at the coffee shop. There was a really pretty girl there too. If I was single, I would have tried to get a coffee with her! Instead, I ordered my bagels to go. I went home to my pathetic life. Why did I go to get bagels at the coffee shop?
I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work. I biked six miles through city streets to my job. Breakfast was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building. I had to attend two meetings and write several reports. I left work at 6 PM and biked home in the night. Why did I bike six miles?
Dan goes to a corporate party. He can't figure out why everyone is staring at him. He starts to get a little paranoid. Finally Dan's boss tells him that his shirt is inside out. An embarrassed Dan goes to the bathroom and reverses his shirt. Why did He start to get a little paranoid?
Caleb was planning on making spaghetti. He took the meat out of the freezer to thaw. When it thawed, he checked on it. He realized it smelled and looked gross and foul. He decided to throw it out. Why did He realize it smelled and looked gross and foul?
Grandma needed her room painted. She called her son Adam to come over to paint the room. Adam picked out a beautiful color. He worked all day and all night to get the room done. Grandma was happy when she saw the job he had done. Why did She call her son Adam?
Geoff loved to read and owned many books. Geoff planned to move soon. He decided to get rid of most his books. Geoff was excited as he had a lot of free space. After his move Geoff bought a lot of new books. Why did Geoff plan to move soon?
Jake had a new toy Spiderman silly string web slinger. He knocked on his brother Dan's door to show him the toy. When Dan opened the door Jake began to spray him with silly string. Dan ran from the room with Jake giving chase. Dan's mother posted photo's on Facebook of Dan covered in silly string Why did He knock on his brother Dan 's door?
Ed's father was a firefighter. Every night he went and saved people from harm. Ed wanted to be a firefighter when he grew up, too. He told his father this, and his father shook his head sternly. He told Ed to be an accountant or mechanic, something safe. Why did He tell his father?
Jaiden loved Kung Fu Panda. The new Panda movie was coming out. Jaiden asked his parents to take him. His parents agreed and took Jayden to see the movie. Jaiden had a blast at the movie theater with his family. Why did Jaiden love Kung Fu Panda?
I used to go on daily walks at night. I'd always been warned of opossum that carry rabies. One night, I noticed a baby opossum trying to keep up with my pace. I melted and verbally said hi to the baby. He followed for as long as he could, changing my preconceived notion. Why did I melt ?
Jake wanted to scare his little brother. He decided to put on a scary mask. He would jump out of his bedroom window. Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment. His little brother was terrified. Why did He decide to put on a scary mask?
I was working for a natural language processor. He gave me 30 cents for each task I completed. One day, he lowered the wage to 23 cents. I became angry and scolded him. He fired me for my ill behavior. Why did I become angry?
Sophie asked Bill if she could purchase a pet for the children. Bill responded anything except a dog. Sophie giggled and said that the children picked out a fish. Bill was quite pleased as he was not ready for any large pets. Bill was furious when he found out his children named a dog, Fish. Why did Bill respond anything except a dog?
On Monday my friend sprained her ankle. She called me and asked me if I could give her a ride on Thursday. I picked her up and helped her with her crutches. We went to our favorite class together. Afterwards I drove her home and helped her get inside. Why did We go to our favorite class?
I have a passport photo to bring to the Clerk. They require two identical photos. My photos appeared to be regulation sized. When I showed the Clerk, she accepted them. I finished the application and my passport is on it's way. Why did I finish the application?
I was taking my economics exam. I turned the exam booklet to the final question. It was an essay question that I was unprepared for. I decided to skip the question. Naturally, I failed the exam. Why did I decide to skip the question?
It was a dark night. Ed was driving home from work. Suddenly a rainstorm began obscuring his vision. Ed decided to pull over. He waited until it was safe before he drove again. Why did He wait until it was safe before he drove again?
The Henning family went to the Black Hills every summer. They packed up their bags. They began the 7 hour journey in the car. They sang and laughed the whole way. The arrived safely at their home for the week. Why did They begin the 7 hour journey in the car?
Leonard was a big fan of the number one hit TV game show. He decided to try and become a contestant. He sent in an application and they contacted him months later. He tried out but only made it to level two before being disqualified. From then on, he didn't like watching the show anymore. Why did He send in?
Rick bought a house in the middle of the woods. He spent the next two months clearing away the trees. He made a pile of all the logs that he cut. Rick put up a sign to sell his wood. Rick was able to make a lot of money selling the wood. Why did Rick buy a house?
It was the day of the super bowl. Jim invited his friends to come over. Jim prepared lots of food. Jim and his friends watched the super bowl. They enjoyed each other's company that night. Why did Jim and his friends watch the super bowl?
Ross and his friends needed to raise money for their school club. They brainstormed different things they can do to make the money. Ross proposed that they run a car wash. That Saturday they had the car wash and a lot of people came. Ross and his friends raised even more money than they had planned. Why had they the car wash and a lot of people came?
Jack asked Amy to go on a date. Amy agreed to go on a date with Jack. Jack picked Amy up at her home. They enjoyed the food at an Italian restaurant. Jack was pleased the date went very well. Why was Jack pleased the date went very well?
Jack liked building paper planes. One day, he built one in class. He spent several minutes carefully folding each part. But when his teacher saw, he took it away. Jack continued to build paper planes in his other classes. Why did Jack like building paper planes?
A poor man was nervous at hollywood party. He went up to a famous person and asked a question. He asked about who the famous person would like to meet. This opened up a topic for conversation as the answer as unique. They had a great conversation and the poor man was not nervous again. Why had They a great conversation?
Peter wanted to surprise his girlfriend, Josie, on vacation. He made up an excuse and slipped away to a sky writing service. The next day they went to the beach early. When he asked Josie to look up, she saw a wedding proposal in the sky. She laughed delightfully and hugged him tight as she agreed. Why did Peter want to surprise his girlfriend , Josie , on vacation?
Martha was at Mcdonald's. She ordered a large order of fries. She took a bite of her fries. They were too salty! She got a refund by going back to the restaurant. Why did She take a bite of her fries?
Charles saved money for years so he could buy a car. He went to a used car lot and asked about a sedan. Charles used his savings for a down payment. He got into his new car and sped away. He turned on the radio and did eighty miles per hour on the freeway. Why did He get into his new car?
Ted bought a metal detector. He took it to the beach one day. When he started using it, he heard a beep. He began to dig all day. At the end of the day, he just found an anchor. Why did He take it?
Turner needed to get glasses. He had been unable to see the board in class. He feared that everyone would make fun of him. The glasses made him look erudite and debonair. Turner came to love his lenses. Why did He fear that everyone would make fun of him?
Brett gets home from school. Brett decides to play video games. Brett plays his favorite game for 5 hours. Brett breaks his controller because he was angry. Brett decides not to play again for a while. Why did Brett get home?
Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike. She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother. They went outside, and got Zoey's bike out of the garage. Zoey loved spending time with her mother. She learned how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom. Why did She learn how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom?
Dan was cooking for the family. It was his first time cooking for the family. He made steak, potatoes, rice, green beans, and peas. However, everything came out burnt. It turns out the family was happy eating burnt food. Why was It his first time cooking for the family?
Benji was excited to go bungee jumping. He'd forced himself to confront his fear of heights. Finally the day arrived, and he stood on top of the bridge. He strapped the cord on and jumped! Benji splattered on the rocks below when it snapped. Why was Benji excited to go bungee jumping?
Lily had nothing to wear to prom. She called her best friend Kalynn to go shopping with her. They went to five different stores. Kalynn liked the red dress the best. Lily purchased the red dress to wear to prom. Why did Kalynn like the red dress?
Lana went swimming in the ocean. She was having a great time, until something touched her foot. She was very upset and ran to the shore, screaming. When she got out of the water, she realized it was still stuck to her. She looked down and realized it was only seaweed. Why did She look down?
Clara's niece was turning 3 on Saturday. Clara called her mother and asked if there was a party. Her mother said that there was, but Clara wasn't invited. Clara asked why, her mother didn't know. Clara texted her sister a very angry message about the party. Why did Clara call her mother?
Rex loves to go skiing when it is snowing on a weekend day. However, one day his mother calls him to ask him to shovel her porch. Rex decides to skip skiing for the day to help his mother shovel. After a long day of shoveling, Rex decides he hasn't missed skiing. He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing. Why did Rex decide to skip skiing for the day to help his mother shovel?
My college friend and I went to lunch one day. We went to a Japanese restaurant. She saw some tea and poured it into the rice. She thought it was a sauce. We ordered another dish. Why did I go to lunch?
Tom likes to ski. He hasn't been able to go this year because there is no snow. Tom watched the weather and saw that there was going to be a storm. He woke up the next morning to a winter wonderland. Tom finally gets his chance to ski! Why did Tom watch the weather?
Kay wanted to knit a sweater. She had no clue how to knit so she looked it up on Youtube. The video she watched made it look easy to do. Kay began to knit but it wasn't going very well. Kay eventually gave up and bought a sweater instead. Why did Kay want to knit a sweater?
Daniel is a nationally ranked tennis player. Daniel entered in a tournament. Daniel was the top-seeded player. Daniel won all his matches. Daniel won the championship. Why did Daniel win all his matches?
My mother's dogs escaped into the yard of her next-door neighbor. We had to squeeze through a small hole in the fence to get over there. We scooped both dogs up and brought them home. When we were home, both dogs got a big scolding. We had to reinforce the fence to keep them from getting out again. Why had We to squeeze through a small hole in the fence to get over there?
I taught my girlfriend how to grill a steak. It took a few times. We burned a few cow parts. But eventually she got the hang of it. Now she cooks steak all the time. Why did We burn a few cow parts?
Brian was a soldier. He enjoys talking about his adventures. Brian tells his grandson to avoid joining the service. But because he speaks of his service fondly, his grandson joins anyway Brian is saddened his grandson didn't take his advice. Why did He enjoy talking about his adventures?
It was Ariana's birthday and she decided to go to Miami. She decided to get a bunch of friends together for the trip. They all flew first class together. The trip was amazing and there was no trouble whatsoever. Ariana couldn't wait to go back. Why was It Ariana 's birthday?
Lily was having a party. She needed some balloons. She went to the store and picked some. They blew them all up for her. Then, she brought them home. Why did She go to the store?
Terry hated heating the soup up for her restaurant. It took forever. She wanted an easier way to do it. She put the soups in a steam table and let it do the work. She is now free to do other things while her soups heat up. Why did It take forever?
Jason awoke in his tent early in the morning. Outside the tent flap the mountains fell away into the distance. In the valley below was the store where he would restock his supplies. He stowed his gear back into his backpack. He stepped out again on that long journey along the Appalachian Trail. Why did Jason awake in his tent?
Leonard was on vacation with his family in Jamaica. Leonard brought his girlfriend with him to the beach. They relaxed on the beach and sunbathed. Leonard fell asleep on the beach. He woke up in excruciating pain to see his whole body was sunburnt. Why did Leonard fall asleep?
Megan decided to make dinner. She cooked tacos for Taco Tuesday. She invited Blake. He brought beer. They ate and watched tv. Why did He bring beer?
Mary loved flowers. She decided to go to the park. She smelled all the flowers growing in the field. She picked a few flowers and brought them home. She placed the flowers in a vase with water. Why did She pick a few flowers?
Tom decided to play a prank on Dick. He bought a scary mask. He waited until Dick got out of work at night. He hid behind some bushes and jumped out at him. Dick had a heart attack and died on the scene. Why did He wait until Dick got out of work at night?
Roy was at a staff meeting that was soon to close. As everyone peeled out, Roy stopped Jan. He told Jan a big secret about his hatred of their boss. Jan realized the intercom was powered on! The whole office, including the boss heard the secret! Why did Jan realize the intercom was powered on?
Henry ordered a small Caesar salad from the Drive Thru. When he stopped at the front window, the worker gave him a hamburger. He told them that the order is wrong. However, they told him that the food was already made. Henry parked his car and stormed into the place to see the manager. Why did Henry park his car?
Tim invited John over to his house. Tim and John played video games together. They later at lunch then played outside. John's mother picked him up and they left. Tim went back to room and saw no disc in his video game system. Why did Tim go back to room?
Nina went to the beach to swim one day. But when she got there she was disappointed. There was a posted sign saying no swimming due to pollution! The entire area was off-limits. Nina had to go home without getting to swim. Why was There a posted sign saying no swimming due to pollution?
Tom was overweight. He always ate too much. He felt pain in his stomach one day. He decided to start eating healthy. Tom eventually became healthy and thin. Why did He decide to start eating healthy?
Leo needed a new car. He went to the Ford dealership. He found a great Ford Focus. He was able to make a great deal. He drove away happy. Why was He able to make a great deal?
Dylan was excited to book his vacation. He searched online for the best travel location. Dylan found the perfect place! He spent the next few days booking his hotel and flight. Dylan left for vacation the next day. Why did Dylan leave for vacation?
James tried out of the weightlifting team at school. He did not make the team though. Coach said that he has to bench two hundred pounds to make the team. James spent the next year lifting weights and becoming stronger. The next year he tried out again and made the team. Why did James spend the next year?
Kathy got very sick. She hated taking medicine. She refused. She kept getting worse and worse. She wished she had taken her medicine. Why did She keep getting worse and worse?
Mary had bought chocolate Easter bunnies for all of her children. She left them in the trunk of her car so the kids wouldn't find them. She thought it would be okay since the weather was still so cold. But the sun was so bright that the inside of the car still got hot! Mary was sad and frustrated to find all the bunnies had melted! Why was Mary sad and frustrated to find all the bunnies had melted?
Fred just woke up from a dream. He realizes he can't move. He starts getting terrified. He sees a figure move closer to him. Suddenly, it all disappears and he can move again. Why did He start getting terrified?
Matt found a turtle on the playground during recess. Matt took the turtle back into the school when recess was over. Matt hid the turtle under his desk. The turtle crawled away from the desk just as the teacher walked by. The teacher made Matt take the turtle back outside to the playground. Why did Matt hide the turtle?
Amy was out of milk. She decided to go to the store for milk. She saw that eggs and cheese were on sale. She bought milk, eggs, and cheese. Amy spent too much money at the store and wasn't able to go out later. Why did She decide to go to the store for milk?
My dog died. I decided to cremate him. I wanted to spread his ashes at the lake. While spreading his ashes I began to cry. I realized that the dog is truly a man's best friend. Why did I decide to cremate him?
Jake loved to drive fast. He had three speeding tickets already. He saw headlights behind him. He decided to try and run away. Jake wound up crashing his car and getting arrested. Why did Jake love to drive fast?
Kenya met up with her ex-boyfriend at a coffee spot. He greeted her and asked how she was doing. They talked for a few minutes and walked away. When Kenya got home, she began crying. She also decided to lay in her bed for the whole day. Why did Kenya meet up?
Tim sat at home hungry. He didn't feel like cooking. He wished he had a wife to cook him food. He sat on the couch and cried. He then decided to order a pizza instead of crying. Why did Tim sit at home?
Jack loves birdwatching. He took the day off on Wednesday because the weather was nice. He spent that day in the woods, watching birds. It was worth it to him. He spotted several birds that he had never seen before. Why was It worth it to him?
Robert snored in his sleep. His wife couldn't sleep because of his snoring. Robert decided to ask his doctor for suggestions. His doctor gave him some medication. Robert stopped snoring but unfortunately became very gassy in bed. Why did Robert stop snoring?
Beau was excited about his cute new puppy. His parents were upset though because the puppy kept urinating inside. Beau got tired of them nagging him and wanted to return the pup. But the little guy was too cute and Beau decided he was being unfair. He started taking the puppy out for regular walks, which fixed things. Why did Beau get tired of them?
My father brought home a coconut today. We were pretty unsure on how to open it. We tried a knife, but it didn't work. We tried smashing it, but that didn't work either. In the end, we just planted it in the back yard. Why did We try a knife?
Reese wanted to be a flight attendant. She applied to Delta. They accepted her application but she had to get trained. The training process was rigorous but Reese gave it her all. After eight weeks she was flying high like she desired. Why did She apply to Delta?
Amy was a cashier at Marshall's She worked hard and was nice to the customers. Amy made it a point to ask how the customers day was going. One day a lady told Amy's boss she was a great worker. Her boss told her he was pleased with her progress. Why did She work hard?
Annie begged her mom to let her get her ears pierced. Finally her mom said yes. They went to the mall. The piercer did it quickly and easily. Annie loved her new earrings. Why did They go to the mall?
Gerald was short on money one day. He decided that since he had free time, he would get a job. Gerald applied at many places until he got a cashier job. He went to the interview and impressed the interviewer. Gerald got the job the next day and started making money. Why did He decide that since he had free time , he would get a job?
Caroline and her brother wrote letters to Santa on Christmas Eve. They wrote heartfelt letters telling Santa what they wanted. They placed cookies and milk on the table for him to eat. When the kids woke up the milk and cookies were gone. All that was there in return were presents. Why did They place cookies and milk?
Ben wanted to get a special gift for his friend Ed for Christmas. He asked his mother to take him to the store to get Ed a gift. He looked through the mall but couldn't find anything. Then he asked his mother to take him to the pet store. She hadn't realized that Ed was a dog that Ben knew. Why did He look through the mall?
Morgan enjoyed long walks on the beach. She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk. After walking for over a mile, something happened. Morgan decided to propose to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was upset he didn't propose to her first. Why did Morgan enjoy long walks on the beach?
Jake was at the gym. He wanted to bench press his new personal record. Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell. Jake concentrated really hard before his set. Jake was able to break his own personal record! Why did Jake put 225 pounds of weights?
Amanda was walking to work. She saw a dog with an angry looking owner. The owner was hitting the dog on the face for not listening. Amanda got very upset that the dog was treated that way. She wanted to say something to the owner, but was nervous to. Why did Amanda get very upset that the dog was treated that way?
Sarah loves to go hiking. She explores uncharted trails. She accidentally walked into some poison sumac. Immediately, Sarah ran out of the wood lot. She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment. Why did Sarah love to go hiking?
Bill saw his friend be the life of the party at a social event. He thought about what the friend was doing right. He realized the friend was telling jokes. Bill decided to memorize many funny jokes. Bill was able to be the life a party by telling jokes himself. Why did Bill decide to memorize many funny jokes?
Max was working on an important work project. He had been working on the spreadsheets for a few hours. He decided he needed a break and went to the bathroom. He got back and saw Windows was auto updating, losing all his work. He cried and formatted his computer to become a Linux user. Why did He get back?
Hal wanted to take a cruise to the Caribbean. He tried to convince his friends to go with him. They all wanted to do a road trip to Las Vegas instead. Hal agreed, but on one condition. They all stayed in a Caribbean-themed hotel in Vegas. Why did They all stay in a Caribbean - themed hotel?
Lucy and her grandma went to Blockbuster. Lucy wanted to rent a movie that she had started, but fell asleep on. There were no copies on the shelf. She asked the cashier, hoping there was a copy in the return slot. Lucy was disappointed to find the movie was out of stock for a week. Why did Lucy want to rent a movie that she had started?
