Ethan found a wallet in the men's room one day. He looked inside and saw money and credit cards. Ethan was tempted by the cash. But then he resolved to do the right thing. Ethan took the wallet to the lost-and-found right away. Why did Ethan find a wallet in the men 's room?
Sam had just given birth. She tried to breastfeed. Sadly, she did not produce enough milk. She read up on bottle feeding and discovered it was safe and healthy. Sam decided it'd be okay to bottle-feed her baby. Why did Sam decide it 'd be okay to bottle - feed her baby?
Bobby was a really good high school wrestler. He trained hard and ate good food to get his body in the best shape. His goal was to win a gold medal at the next meet. At the meet, Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place! He went home with the gold medal! Why did He train hard?
Jeremy clicked on the radio button. He was startled when static jumped out from its speaker. He clicked on the button again, a little more assertively. A stern voice spoke from it asking him to stop it, or be in trouble. Jeremy stopped it. Why did Jeremy click on the radio button?
Rendel was a nature photographer. He gets footage of lions, tigers and giraffes in the Sahara. One afternoon, he got a little too close to a tiger with cubs. The tiger became threatened and lunged at Rendel! He retreated and ran to his jeep, driving away scarily. Why did He retreat ?
Donald writes books for children. His publisher asked for a book about a giraffe. Donald wrote a book with a giraffe in it. His publisher rejected the book. Donald felt anger directed at his publisher. Why did Donald feel anger directed at his publisher?
Fred was on a plane He had the middle seat. He was upset but listened to music He ended up falling asleep He woke up when the plane landed Why had He the middle seat?
Jake was cleaning his car. He accidentally scratched his car with a brush. It left a large mark on the side of his door. Jake took his car to an auto repair shop. They were able to buff out the scratch in a few minutes. Why were They able to buff out the scratch in a few minutes?
James was a pack a day smoker for the last 5 years. He was determined to quit on his birthday. When it was his birthday, he threw out all his cigarettes. He craved cigarettes all week but was able to refrain from smoking. He finally was able to get rid of his cravings after a month. Why was James a pack?
Jasmine had a big essay due tomorrow. She procrastinated until the last day. She spent the entire night at the library. She was able to complete her essay in the morning. She fell asleep immediately after she turned it in. Why did She procrastinate until the last day?
Lucy is a stay at home mom who likes clothes. One day her friend invited her to an online shopping party. She agreed to attend. The party included games with cash prizes toward clothes. Lucy won all the prizes and happily bought lots of clothes. Why is Lucy a stay at home mom who likes clothes?
There was a huge Alligator exhibit at the zoo. They had feedings twice a day. It was amazing how well they were trained. They were huge scary animals, but the trainers did a good job. It was one of the most interesting exhibits I have seen. Why was It one of the most interesting exhibits I have seen?
Fred needs a blazer for a special event that his friends are planning. He has never liked how blazers look, but he decides he needs one. When he gets to the store, he finds a blazer for a reasonable price. It fits him perfectly. Fred is happy he has found a blazer for the event. Why did Fred need a blazer for a special event that his friends are planning?
Miss weatherby was the teacher at the small country school. She decided to take a leave of absence but nobody knew why. She returned nine months later with a child. Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy. She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there. Why was Miss weatherby the teacher at the small country school?
The Smiths went on vacation every year. They usually went to the beach. This year they decided to go skiing. They rented a cabin in Vail. They loved it and want to go back. Why did The Smiths go on vacation?
Lisa wanted to go swimming, but the sign said the water wasn't safe. Lisa decided to go swimming anyway. She almost drowned in the current. Lisa made it back to the shore safely, but she learned a big lesson. She wouldn't swim in unsafe water again. Why did Lisa decide to go swimming anyway?
Jamie ran outside to play in the snow. She climbed up the slide in her backyard. She fell off the slide onto the ground! Jamie started crying loudly because her elbow was bruised. She went back inside to have hot chocolate. Why did She fall off the slide?
Rita loved heavy metal music. She practiced playing guitar and singing everyday. Her friends were all amazed at how good she was. She formed a band. Soon enough she was on a tour of the forty eight states. Why did She practice playing guitar and singing everyday?
Sam had a fear of driving. One day he got lost. He took a wrong turn and went down a winding road. Sam was scared and drove slowly. Eventually he made it through and got to his destination. Why did He take a wrong turn?
I wanted to get to the mall without using a car. I decided to take the bus. I waited at the bus stop for the bus. The bus came and I paid the fare. After about 15 minutes on the bus I got off at the mall. Why did I wait at the bus stop for the bus?
