"" President Evil "" was written by Jonathan Moskin and David Mulei and directed by Nick Marck, marking Moskin's first writing credit, Mulei's first writing credit for the show, and Marck's eighth directing credit for Veronica Mars.
During the 1950s, the main customers for charter flights had been Norwegian shipping companies, who flew their crew home from ports in Central Europe.
The partly Middle Colonies enjoyed fertile soil vastly different from the nearby New England Colonies, which contained more rocky soil.
On 21 July 2007 Fowler signed a two - year contract to play for Cardiff City.
Millions of Muslim, Sikh and Hindu refugees across the newly drawn borders in the months surrounding independence.
Hoover Dam, once known as Boulder Dam, is a concrete arch - gravity dam in the Black Canyon of the Colorado River, on the border between the U.S.
Walpole was born in Auckland, New Zealand, the eldest of three children of the Somerset Walpole and his wife, Mildred Helen, née ( 1854 – 1925 ).
During his twenty - year absence from the public between 1853 and 1873 Alkan produced many of his most notable compositions, although there is a ten - year gap between publication of the Op.
Regarding his looks in the film, Ram Charan said, "" Personality wise there isn ’ t really much difference to Kalabhairava but I have to tell you minor changes like the shape of my, a slight voice, the background scale, the atmosphere and even the ‘ ’ worked wonders on screen
Fowler earned his first cap for England on 27 March 1996, coming on as a 76th - minute substitute in the 1 – 0 friendly win against Bulgaria at Wembley Stadium.
Ceres has a mass of 9 @.@ 39 × kg as determined from the Dawn spacecraft.
Design work began in 1935 on new battleships in response to the existing and planned German battleships, and the Soviets made extensive efforts in Italy and the United States to purchase either drawings or the ships themselves in the late 1930s.
The west wing, entered through the main cave, is in a semi - ruined state.
In the 1890s, the lighthouse was first formally proposed to mark the Norwalk Harbor.
"" If I Never See Your Face Again "" was written by Adam Levine and James Valentine, two of the five band members from Maroon 5.
A large network of coastal buoys near the United States is maintained by the National Data Buoy Center, with deployment and maintenance performed by the United States Coast Guard.
Curious flocked to the site of the slide within the day of the disaster.
In 2002, Beyoncé signed a contract with Pepsi, and appeared on several of its advertising campaigns, one of which featured "" Crazy in Love "" as background music.
There were many successful programs and new directions in the late 50s and 1960s.
The restaurant carriages of the NSS were open to everyone, but dining was so expensive that only passengers travelling in first class used the service.
In March 2015, Helms received a for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) as an agent and began working for the company within that capacity that same month.
Until the 1850s the Native American population vastly outnumbered the population of European ancestry in the area.
It debuted at # 1 on the New York Times Paperback Mass - Market Fiction Best Sellers list on July 15, 2012 ( reflecting sales for the week ending June 30, 2012 ).
Anderson spent two as an English major at Emerson College, and only two days at New York University before he began his career as a production assistant on television films, music videos and game shows in Los Angeles and New York City.
On June 24, 2009, American actress Cameron danced to "" Freakum Dress "" during the show It's On with Chung.
Gerard was the nephew of, Bishop of Winchester, and Simon, Abbot of Ely.
In 2014, the hardware and software behind the fountain's operation were replaced.
Humpty appears in Lewis Carroll's Through the Looking - Glass ( 1872 ), where he discusses and with Alice.
The city has 14 municipal parks and playgrounds ranging in size from the 0 @.@ 75 - acre ( 0 @.@ 30 ha ) Triangle Park in downtown to the 80 - acre ( 32 ha ) Douglas H.
For the first two hundred years, Christians "" refused to kill in the military, in self - defense, or in the judicial system "", but there was no official Church position on the death penalty.
"" Moment of Surrender "" appeared on several music publications' "" best of "" lists for 2009 and the 2000s decade.
Louis - François Bertin was 66 in 1832, the year of the portrait.
Chicago - based singer - songwriter Allen pushed allegations that "" Cater 2 U "" was inspired by a song he had composed with the same title and spelling, which was copyrighted in the mid - 1990s and 2000 and performed locally during that time.
"" The Secret "" was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky.
With Ortona and Villa Grande captured, it looked as if it would require Eighth Army only to itself and strike one more concentrated blow at Orsogna to complete the breaching of the Gustav Line's main Adriatic.
requiring surgical closure with skin or flaps ( typically anything more than a small full thickness burn ) should be dealt with as early as possible.
A prolific goal - scorer, Fowler was a quick and opportunistic striker, with good technical ability.
The most common non - latex condoms are made from polyurethane.
Ghost in the Shell used a novel process called "" digitally generated animation "" ( DGA ), which is a combination of cel animation, computer graphics ( CG ), and audio that is entered as digital data.
On his Chelsea debut away at Manchester United, McNichol found himself playing at right back after ten minutes when Sid sustained an injury.
Proteins are assembled from amino acids using information encoded in genes.
The Type 2 and 3 gold dollars depict Liberty as a Native American princess, with a feathered headdress not resembling any worn by any Indian tribe.
Dover Athletic Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Dover, Kent, England.
Before the 2006 season began, Nathan participated in the 2006 World Baseball Classic as one of the 30 players selected for the Team USA roster.
In the early morning hours of April 29, 1903, a freight train pulled out of the mine and was slowly making its way towards the when the crew heard a behind them.
In, King Henry III of England faced a revolt among the English barons.
The main defensive structure is a lunette shaped.
Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor of England in, and was present at William I's deathbed in.
The site was built on a platform covering 6 hectares ( 650 @,@ 000 sq ft ).
The First World War Ottoman Turkish Army was modelled after the German Imperial Army, with most of its members being conscripted for two years ( infantry ) or three years ( artillery ); they then served in the reserve for the next twenty - three years.
Only one in five Croatian Jews survived the Holocaust of World War II.
Saprang is the youngest of 9 children of Lieutenant Colonel Sri ( Thai: กัลยาณมิตร ) and Kalayanamitr ( Thai: กัลยาณมิตร ).
"" Moment of Surrender "" was well received by critics after the release of No Line on the Horizon.
The episode was written by series co - creator Ryan Murphy, directed by series co - creator Brad Falchuk, and was filmed in five days, from August 22, 2011 through August 26, 2011.
The common Israeli saying, "" Haifa works, Jerusalem prays, and Tel Aviv plays "" attests to Haifa's reputation as a city of workers and industry.
from the Languedoc can carry an enormous number of names, ranging from broad regional designations like Vin de Pays d'Oc to very specific geographical classifications with restrictions on grape variety, like Corbières and Minervois.
Starting in 1933, M - 5 was used as the designation along a section of highway that was previously part of US 2 in Mackinac and counties in the Upper Peninsula.
The President of the Republic ( Croatian: / ) is the head of state; he or she is directly elected and serves a five - year term.
After considering several actresses ( including ) for the princess role, Kajal Aggarwal was selected by Rajamouli as the female lead opposite Ram Charan after conducting a in his office.
Hurricane Felicia was the third strongest tropical cyclone of the 2009 Pacific hurricane season, as well as the strongest storm to exist in the eastern Pacific at the time since Hurricane Daniel in 2006.
Literary critics regard "" Ode on Indolence "" as inferior to Keats's other 1819 odes.
The Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway ( AK - 1 ), inside Chugach National Forest.
The T30 HMC entered service in November 1942, seeing action for the first time in the North African Campaign.
"" Don't You Wanna Stay "" is a duet recorded by American singers Jason Aldean and Kelly Clarkson from Aldean's 2010 album, My Kinda Party.
The era of the "" Dirty "" with its mass unemployment, poverty and despair gave rise to new Canadian political movements.
The strongest storm of the season, Hurricane Ellen, began as a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa on September 13.
The Middle Colonies comprised the middle region of the Thirteen Colonies of the British Empire in North America.
The effects of antimony and its compounds on human and environmental health differ widely.
The anniversary of the landings, 25 April, has since 1916 been recognised in Australia and New Zealand as Anzac Day, now one of their most important national occasions.
Laborintus II is a 2012 album by Belgian orchestra Ictus Ensemble, vocal group Nederlands Kamerkoor and American vocalist Mike Patton.
Biographer Weissweiler does not dismiss the possibility that Busch's increasing alcohol dependence hindered self - criticism.
James Polehinke, the first officer, suffered serious injuries, including multiple broken bones, a collapsed lung, and severe bleeding.
According to 13th - century Arab historian Ibn Shaddad, the of Aleppo, ad -, established a settlement of Kurdish tribesmen at the site of the future castle in CE, hence the castle's Arabic name "" Hisn al - Akrad "" ( Castle of the Kurds ).
Now in the town of Throop, NY 38 follows the Owasco Outlet through open, mostly flat areas dotted with houses amongst fields and trees.
The origins of Imbudo were from a disorganized area of convection near in the open western Pacific in mid - July.
On the night before her wedding, Gwen Cooper ( Eve Myles ) is bitten on the arm by a male shape shifting alien.
Beginning in fall 2007 there will be more than 30 traffic cameras operating on Omaha area freeways, including one at I - 80 near and another on West Dodge near 120th Street.
Pokiri ( English: Rogue ) is a 2006 Indian Telugu - language action film, written and directed by Puri Jagannadh.
After the signing of the Armistice on 11 November, which ended all fighting, O'Brien transported mail and passengers between Brest, France, and Plymouth, England.
Finkelstein is a sharp critic of the state of Israel.
In January and February 1984, conditions were favorable for tropical cyclogenesis in the southwest Indian Ocean, including warmer than normal sea surface temperatures and an active monsoon trough.
The origins of Hurricane Tanya were from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa in the middle of October.
In 1913 the newspaper's supervisory council hired school teacher Fredrik Monsen to be the new editor.
Richard Paul Wesley Cresswell ( born 20 September 1977 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays for Northern Counties East League Premier Division club Albion.
Boise National Forest is a protected area covering 2 @,@ 203 @,@ 703 acres ( 8 @,@ 918 @.@ 07 km2 ) of the U.S.
The idea for a francophone unit came from a French national, François Cramer, who had business interests and connections in Rhodesia.
On April 22, 1986, Yankovic began recording three new original songs for his next album: "" Don't Wear Those Shoes "", "" One of Those Days "", and "" Dog Eat Dog "".
Silver Bullet's layout passes through three of the park's themed areas: Ghost Town, Village, and Indian Trails.
Although it is known that the charity had been in operation as early as 1656, an anonymous article in The Gentleman's Magazine in August 1770 is the earliest recorded account of the legend of the Biddenden Maids.
The panel to the east of the north portico is Shiva in a position called,, and.
Historically, Varanasi has been a centre for education in India, attracting students and scholars from across the country.
The gold dollar or gold one - dollar piece was a coin struck as a regular issue by the United States Bureau of the Mint from 1849 to 1889.
Random House published an abridged audiobook in 2007, directed by John and produced by Dan, with sound editing by Charles De.
The fruit bodies of Hydnellum peckii are found growing solitary, scattered, or clustered together on the ground under conifers, often among mosses and pine needle litter.
Holy Soap said that Nicole's most memorable moment was when she "" returned to the desert island with Geoff to rekindle their love "" and she was held hostage by Derek the murderer, before her father came to the rescue.
In addition to the reactions originally reported by Johnson, Corey, and Chaykovsky, sulfur ylides have been used for a number of related reactions that tend to be grouped under the same name.
Varanasi grew as an important industrial centre, famous for its muslin and silk, perfumes, ivory works, and sculpture.
DuMont programs were by necessity low - budget affairs, and the network received relatively few awards from the TV industry.
The Arihant class ( Sanskrit, for Killer of ) is a class of nuclear - powered ballistic missile submarines being built for the Indian Navy.
On the evening of 22 November 1914, the Grand Fleet conducted a fruitless sweep in the southern half of the North Sea to support Vice Admiral David Beatty's 1st Battlecruiser Squadron.
